This is literally a stream-of-consciousness consisting of questions and things to look up 
later. Please see `/psychopy/` in the `p4n2014` repo for some worked-through examples.

Extensive notes can be seen [here](http://www.psychopy.org/P4N/).

# Programming revision

Functions in python; dot syntax?

Using `dir(a)` to see all attributes of a certain object; private vs. non-private attributes

What is the point of `enumerate`? How is it different to `len(range())`?

## Why bother using nested dictionaries in Python? 
Data analysis example: top-level = subjects, lower levels = conditions, even lower levels
= different data such as RT or accuracy data.

Dictionaries do not have an order by default, so they can't be indexed - need to use key!

## Syntactic sugar sweetness
List comprehension; looping without a `for` loop. Caveat - can be difficult to read. Useful to perform analysis only on 'correct' responses for instance.

## Psychopy shortcuts
`Cmd + [` dedent and `cmd + ]` indent.

## Passing by referent not copy
Look up 3 things that make a real programmer - something like recursion, pointers and ...? 'The camel has two humps' paper also looks useful.

## Gotchas
Float division is different to MATLAB: `print 1/3` gives us 0 due to rounding. Try `print 1.0/3` instead. Can get around this caveat by putting `from _future_ import division` to import Python 3.0 default behaviour.

Lists are more general in Python than MATLAB; performing maths on lists won't necessarily work. Instead use `numpy` arrays. However, `numpy` arrays are different to MATLAB matrices - how?

Python indexing starts at 0, not 1!

# Improving the Posner task: I

## Using the psychopy.logging module
Allows creation of a chronological log of Psychopy events. There are multiple levels of messages.

## A note on timing
Using frames rather than the internal clock is the most accurate way to present stimuli! Use `for frameN in range(x)` to do this; Psychopy always flips to frame rate (at least on Unix-based systems).

How does Psychopy know when to flip? Assume a double-buffered system (i.e. always drawing to back buffer); flip switches what's on the back buffer to front buffer. Psychopy uses `waitBlanking` as part of `psychopy.visual.Window` to avoid drawing to extra buffers - less efficient but is better for timing purposes.

We can also figure out **when** each flip occurred and when the stimulus actually appeared. Use `timeByFrames.py` to examine the precision of frame flips for your given monitor; on a 21" iMac in lab A21, precision is ~300 microseconds.

